[Music]
hey everyone welcome to the smart
economy podcast a production of
neonewstoday.com I'm your host Dylan
Grabowski this is a special episode of
the smart economy podcast dedicated to
the Neo ecosystems footprint at
consensus 2023 which took place in
Austin Texas this was the second year in
a row that Neo had a booth at consensus
whereas last year the booth was
predominantly staffed by ecosystem
developer communities this year Neo
brought with it dozens of community
members from within the ecosystem to
join the party
stationed at each of the partner pods
were the following entities building in
the web 3 space
axlabs and coz who are entities that
build developer tooling for the Neo
ecosystem for the win Network purlin
finance and Flamingo Finance which are
providing defy Tooling in the ecosystem
ghost Market a cross chain nft
Marketplace Green Finch a decentralized
Dropbox and Digi a 3D metaverse game
alongside the partner pods other
representatives from the community were
also in the booth to talk about the
ecosystem including the co-founder of
Neo himself da Hong Fey and
representatives from the Neo Foundation
ngv Enterprise and Neo research
this year's physical activation was a
major step up from last year's this year
Booth participants onboarded onto the
Neo blockchain by receiving a physical
ring that was embedded with an NFC
antenna and the users also got a lizard
nft that was drawn by a concept artist
at Ubisoft after the ring holders had
bound their lizard nft to their one band
nft ring they were invited to visit each
of the partner pod booths where they
could scan their Rings which dynamically
added new elements to the lizard nft and
after the entire event concluded one
banned ring holders were invited to
enjoy a free beer on the Neo ecosystem
at a happy hour that was held at a venue
in Austin the following guests that
we're going to hear in this episode
include Vincent geneste from Ghost
Market John davidos from ngd Enterprise
John Kim from purlin Finance Gil sperb
Machado from axlabs Tyler Adams from coz
Sergio Avila from Flamingo Finance
Jill Lopez bueno from coz and Robin
Green from greenfinch
as always just a reminder nothing said
on this podcast is a solicitation to buy
or sell any tokens that nothing should
be taken as Financial advice and that
the host or guests May hold tokens
discussed in any given episode
with that out of the way I will say
without any hyperbole at all that Neo
had the most popular booth at consensus
2023 hands down it was the talk of the
event on average people waited in line
30 to 45 minutes with some reports of
folks waiting up to 90 minutes to get
their hands on the one band nft ring
throughout the entirety of the three-day
event the Neo ecosystem really stepped
up collectively and all of the teams
worked around the clock to ensure that
every visitor was able to chat with
someone from within the community those
onboarding users onto one band and
Staffing the partner pods put in nine
hours a day to keep up with the demand
and the excitement for the activation
personally speaking it was so great to
see so many people from the Neo
ecosystem I hadn't seen many of these
faces since 2019 and I was also able to
meet some new folks who've joined the
ecosystem in the Years between then and
now consensus 2023 served as a place for
the Neo Community to congregate break
bread and catch up with familiar faces
or put faces to names that we see on the
screen based off of the vibrations and
energy that were in the Neo ecosystem
Booth it was obvious it had been far too
long since these Builders had shared
their progress alongside one another in
the trenches of a conference before we
delve into the event let's meet some of
the new folks in the ecosystem and hear
what returning guests have been up to
while this team did have a demonstration
video at last year's event consensus
2023 was the first time the Green Finch
team got to demonstrate their
decentralized Dropbox platform in person
and meet everyone in the Neo ecosystem
Robin went on to talk about the team and
their desire to connect with the
community of brand new users that they
met at the event I'm Robin Robin green
I'm co-founder of Green Finch with Alex
Walker we are the leanest possible team
you can get there's two of us there's
I'm a front-end developer Alex is
back-end developer I do the marketing
vesticles accelerators things like that
so there's a lot of work Alex is putting
in a lot of ours just to get us to a
point where we had a release
and that people could download when they
came here all accounts people are
interacting with green things are
downloading we want people to get
involved we want them to get their hands
on it we want them to feed back to us
yarn from purlin Finance recently
attended the web 3 Festival in Hong Kong
but hadn't been to quite as large a Neo
Community Gathering as this year's
turned out he shared a bit about the
upcoming lending protocol that will
launch this summer on Neo N3 we are a
landing protocol for Neo think of us as
compounds or Ave if you will so what
users can do is they can deposit their
Bitcoin Neo ethereum into our protocol
and we'll give them cash and the stable
coins in return for their deposit so
once the users repay the loan with the
interest we'll give back to Collateral
whatever the asset the user deposited
Jill from coz has been around the Neo
ecosystem for quite some time dating
back to 2017 but this was also his first
major Neo event where he got to meet the
global community
alongside his projects in coz Jill also
shared some of the projects that he
works on behalf of Neo news today today
I'm working as Tech lead and project
manager for new blow up project with
which is a python compiler for the new
VM and also I worked with the wallets
and typescript tools like neon JS and
wallets connect to integration with the
wallets and stuff like that I've worked
on n-depth and guest Bots as a
consultant from for my team like lapis
and how that works with the project but
yeah I'm more like a consultant Sergio
has also been in the Neo ecosystem for
the past few years having created nfts
and submitted the somnium wave metaverse
project to the 2022 neoplaris Launchpad
hackathon which won an Excellence award
since then he's also combined forces
with the flamingo Finance team and
shared with us a little bit about what
the D5 platform Representatives we're
chatting about at their booth so I'm
here with flamingo Finance with for duas
as well which is our content guy and our
marketing guy so we're both here talking
about Flamingo and all the different D5
features we have like our landing and
stuff like that and just kind of letting
people know what we're about Gil from
axlabs should be no stranger to anyone
who listens to the smart economy podcast
as he was a guest on the second episode
of the podcast series
he offered a quick overview of some of
the things that the team of three based
out of Switzerland had been working on
over the past few years we don't have
like a product but we just asked to
people like what do you I mean we can do
everything we're hardcore Engineers we
are like we can code like low-level daps
you know we have like a touchy with
business as well like we are all you can
use the next Labs we've seen a lot
inside X lab so we've like executed
different different projects like from
Dallas to sdks compilers like developer
tooling but also now we have like this
collaboration with CLC for the ring
Tyler from coz touched upon the
potential that this event had for
attracting new members to the Neo
ecosystem particularly those who really
enjoyed engaging with the one band nft
ring it's exceeded my expectations I
think the fact that people were willing
to wait up to an hour to enter the
ecosystem that's actually something we
were just talking about how we can get
people into the ecosystem faster as
they're experiencing the activation very
exciting how how many people it seems
like even walking around the conference
everybody was talking about
so who were these Booth participants
that were waiting so long to wait for
the Neo experience at consensus 2023
John from purlin Finance touched upon
the lengths that some of the booth
attendees went through and the breakdown
of some of their profiles
so first of all kudos to marketing team
you guys did it you guys did it it was
the hottest booth in the whole consensus
the reason I was so busy all day was we
had too many people coming in we were we
had a limited supply of wallets and the
Rings but people wanted so much so they
were waiting in line for the longest one
I've seen was 90 minutes for 90 minutes
they just waited to get this ring and I
felt bad because they were waiting so
long so that I just went up to them and
came a talk body for them but yeah so I
think 70 was retail investors and 10
didn't know blockchain but did they just
came in because they thought it was cool
or their company made them and the rest
like 20 was half of them were
institutional investors and the other
half was really gurus from other
Industries
show from coz gave a nice breakdown of
the types of conversations he was having
with visitors to their booth and what
the booth participants found to be most
interesting well I think most of the
people are new here actually they don't
they don't interact much with blockchain
a lot of people are heroes trying to
learn but there's a lot of people that
are working on other projects on other
chains there are some kind of developers
that are focused building something and
are searching for which blockchain they
should be using and I talked to a few of
them they got interested by new there
are some of them that they're interested
on new ID others are interested on the
language we support people come to the
booth to the COC Booth to ask about the
ring to ask about new why it's is it
interesting what is the difference ask
about COC at all yeah I've been telling
them that COC it's from the beginning of
new since 2014 and we have been building
tools for developers and I showed them
the wallet show the the ring technology
all this stuff they are super excited
about everything some of them are very
excited that new is back some of them
are very excited about the ring the
technology everything's connecting well
our booth is really incredible I I feel
everybody's excited because there's a
long long line of people wandering to
experience that and yeah I'm very
excited Neo wasn't the only layer one
public blockchain at the event and
interoperability has long been a focus
and priority for the ecosystem so I was
curious to hear if there were any
cross-chain conversations going on at
the Neo Booth Vincent from Ghost Market
shared some insights into the
conversations that were surrounding nfts
so there are a few commands but I would
say the funny thing is I would have
expected most people knowing about an
fgn Marketplace to talk about evm
Marketplace but actually most people who
want to talk to me were interested in
non-evm Marketplace and blockchain so
like
in the non-nvm chain basically that's a
figure that today a lot of people were
from this kind of space you know and not
the traditional material and polygon and
whatnot something I really enjoy about
these events is that part of the onset
experience is you'll never know who
you're going to be talking to it could
be a general investor a private Equity
Fund a developer the list really goes on
so it was interesting to hear more about
the types of conversations that each of
the partner pods had Sergio from
Flamingo spoke about some of the
developers who came by their Booth to
chat with them yeah I think various
people that came across and and did the
ring activation too they were asking
about how they can go from solidity on
ethereum to Neo nice and they're asking
about our virtual machine they're asking
about our compilers like what kind of
formats and binary and stuff like that I
feel like I've been getting a lot of
people that are built they have projects
on ethereum and are looking into Neo and
once we tell them like that you can make
smart contracts in like python or
JavaScript or go or other programming
languages like you just see their eyes
like open up consensus this year was a
three-day event with the first day being
unique to pro pass holders and the last
two days for general admission Robin
from greenfinch shared a little bit of
insight into the differences between the
types of attendees on the pro pass and
general admission days yesterday was
more kind of the general what's going on
what's happening with the Neo stand
what's happening with the project
understanding the one bands and like how
people really like those and they wanted
to know about us and the projects but
they weren't necessarily interested in
going into the depths of the technical
side whereas today you've got people who
are coming from broad spectrums
businesses you've got investors you've
got Builders you've got Engineers who've
got devs and they want to know exactly
what's going on with our project like
how we built on top of Neo Neo fs and
what does it mean in terms of a user
interface what does that look like and
how could that how can we build on top
of that skill from Ax Labs also noted
the differences between the booth
attendees from day one to day two
yesterday there were more I would say
not corporate but more experienced kind
of people like from companies and stuff
like today there were more general
public students like startups people
like building stuff yesterday was more
yeah people from government from
corporates from pharmaceutical companies
that they're trying to find out what's
what's next you know in in the industry
but I I like better today to be honest
yeah because it was a more diverse
public I think today was the main day
let's see what comes next this year's
Neo Booth experience was somewhat
handcrafted by the planners of the event
it was by design that the one band nft
ring would gamify the experience for
both participants and incentivize them
to chat with ecosystem projects
so I wanted to know is Tyler from coz
already thinking about next year's
consensus event
I've been actually planning that
probably about six months now because it
it will be bigger than even this event
so last event and and now it feels like
you know we're running right now
and we're we're really it feels like
we're competing against ourselves at
these events next year to me a growth
perspective for our team it has to be
even better right it has to be even more
exciting even more engaging even more
interesting so yeah for for a few months
now I've actually already been planning
and concepting with the rest of the team
what could be available for next year
for consensus specifically
so we've heard about the participants
and the visitors to the booth but what
was the one band experience like frankly
put consensus attendees loved the
activation but how did it impact the
partner Pods at the Neo Booth Vincent
from Ghost Market noted how the one band
activation really engaged Booth visitors
in a positive way that a lot of people
came up to them most of them were
interested in the whole ring stuff but
that quite a bit of them were still
interested in each individual boost I
think first of all because it takes time
and so you get to talk to people there's
nowhere around unless you want to stir
them into your eyes
and a lot of people gave me the same
comments it's funny like I think it
happened twice during the day they told
me compared to other books they thought
new people in general where I'm genuine
and like really interested in what they
were doing as opposed to other books
which were basically pushing people to
not buy something but do something I
asked Sergio from Flamingo if he was
speaking mostly to devs or with more
generalized audiences and what were
their varied responses to the Rings he
spoke about the novelty of the one band
activation at the Neo Booth I would say
that more than more than most is just
kind of like regular regular people that
are barely getting into blockchain and
just kind of like experiencing it for
the first time finding out with like or
you know what what technology like the
the ring activation with the with the
dynamic nfts can do I think people are
like really haven't seen something like
that before like right after they do the
onboarding and they get their Rings it's
like they come straight to Flamingo and
then they'll go to ghost market and then
they go to for the win and all the
booths are getting like mad attention
from everyone which is exactly what we
want the setting up of the booths the
tablets and the NFC scanners kind of
came together at the last minute and
there was tons of running around the Neo
booth until moments before the doors
opened Robin from greenfinch went on to
talk about the team's excitement about
participating in a digital interaction
despite the last minute stress maybe
yesterday morning was a little bit
hectic but brings a little bit of energy
to the situation and yeah we're really
pleased like it's opened eyes to what's
possible with the setup the screens and
having the interaction with the one
bands and then having the opportunity to
talk and we've got real sense from the
other projects of what we can start to
think about providing if we were to come
back which we would love to do because
it's been it's been brilliant so Alex
and I really enjoy the whole physical
condition of space especially from
connected devices so for us to have the
opportunity to play with this we've got
interest from people building in the nft
space they now you can start to think
about okay how do we bring this to the
real world so we've got a ring where
people are interacting with the projects
but you can imagine the whole of this
conference could be powered by a nft
band or one band from Brands and for us
we want to explore all of those
opportunities not all about the digital
online it's also about how do we bring
that into real world where's Mass
adoption coming people talk about
entities they kind of know what they are
but actually once you start to bring in
some real world people really get it and
they've loved it they love they are
happy to spend the time 20 30 seconds it
takes for everything to go through when
they register on the Pod and then we get
to talk soon so yeah it's it's it's
really cool to see in action and it's
hopefully the brief's upset I think it
goes to smash that really throughout the
three days of consensus a recurring
question kept arising people kept asking
how much they could buy the Rings for my
answer was always simple there is no
price it just costs your email address
and this is something we asked of each
person who onboarded into Neo via the
one band activation Kill from axlabs
noted a conversation toward the end of
the second day that led into a comment
about finding the right product Market
fit they were literally literally people
coming to our booth asking like how much
this cost to ring how much does this
cost like I mean how can I get it see no
you cannot get today you have to come
back tomorrow and that is no I'm I'm
gonna buy it I'm gonna buy it right now
on the spot and I told Luke you never
know what comes next but it's for free
for easy event come back tomorrow and
yeah you'll see you have to experience
you know the whole thing and we're not
selling them so this demonstrates that
we found that some kind of Market fits
not accidentally because we knew that it
was it was valuable but we never
imagined that it was that bad the one
band rings were made with open source
software so that developers can build on
top of the device using toolkits that
coz intends to release in the near
future John from purlin noted his
thoughts on the Ring's ability to
potentially attract Developers for
developers I think the activation helped
a lot with recruiting new developers
into the ecosystem so we will definitely
help out to whoever reaches out to us
because I'm I've met a lot of developers
who wanted to code in Neo and they love
the fact that they can code in c-sharp
and any different languages regardless
if the booth visitor was an OG ant or
someone who heard about Neo for the
first time in April of 2023 the one band
nft ring experience was one that excited
all participants regardless of their
time in the blockchain and crypto space
John davidos from ngd Enterprise said
look it's been awesome man I mean truly
it's been truly awesome right and I
think the key is it's opening doors it's
opening doors to people who knew us from
a long time ago but also people who did
did not know they're coming in and
saying what is this what is going on
here right what what is the big you know
hoopla and they walk away with the the
very nuanced understanding of what is in
the platform that the Tooling in
particular the developer experience so
it's been awesome and again I don't want
to overuse the the analogy but really
the one ring to open doors old and new
the one band nft rings have been under
conceptualization for a few years but
they really kicked into gear with their
production in 2023. Tyler from coz
described the manufacturing and
development process of the one band
rings as well as the significance of
utilizing the Neo mainnet for the
demonstration yeah so we yeah we we've
been doing research and research phase
with technology for about two years it
it really started it's kind of in the
beginning of the year we started
entering a project
um and then we really entered we passed
prototyping phase and started entering
development about thousand rings that we
gave out the event were by hand in the
past probably six weeks and I think
that's that's actually really important
for people to understand that these were
handmade it's great they're a ring they
weren't mass produced they were handmade
they're to me their art were hand
fabricated I touched and finished every
single ring and I programmed half of
them and then Eric who's also one of the
original coz developers he did The
Ledger work he programmed the rest it's
really you know it's a very it's a part
to me that we're giving out to the
community or the the general blockchain
ecosystem who now are actually part of
the the Neo ecosystem as well but the
the booth itself and I think this is
really important for for listeners to
understand that everything was run on
mainnet it was a Live tech demo the the
Rings we gave out the nfts we gave out
you can see them on the Explorers you
can see all the transactions any of the
listeners can go and View and count how
many people were there people can export
their their assets that they receive to
any of the ecosystem wallets it's it's
real they can touch the the people that
participated can touch the technology
buzz and excitement was certainly in the
air and I was curious to hear about how
it might have attracted projects teams
and developers to the Neo ecosystem but
I also wanted to hear how excitement
levels like this at other events might
compare or contrast to the booth energy
that was at Neo versus some of the other
killer booths at other conferences gill
from axlabs spoke a little bit about
taking risk in a booth demonstration in
order to attract developers and
potential Partners I've been like
too many many conferences like in the
blockchain space like for example I I go
to ethereum.com conference since
2017 I think like when it was in Mexico
you know Beach wasaka I mean like Bogota
in like last year I've been to Bogota it
was pretty like very large conference
but very few people or projects were
doing live demonstrations or Showcase of
their attack very very few like do you
have like a video or they have maybe
like some PowerPoint where they talk
about it so like hearing we decided
let's take the risk because things can
go wrong you know like network
connection or like a tablet that it gets
stuck somehow so we took the risk to
demonstrate like things live and these I
think is super super valuable because
people generally don't see things live
in blockchain space when they see
something live they have any own chain
they say man this is awesome this is
great but I mean I mean I'm just showing
that it works you know should not be
like that difficult to Showcase but
they're like a lot of risks but I think
this is one of the one of the
differentiators from other conferences
and I think that we show some diversity
in like especially in this consensus
neutral like the the projects that they
have in our ecosystem so in other
conferences I don't see that very often
the sharing of contact information at
the onboarding kiosk when we were
bringing new users into the booth was
not the only way that connections were
established at consensus 2023 Robin from
greenfinch described what it was like
meeting new people who became interested
in following the progress of the project
yeah it's really interesting actually
it's a lot of connections people want to
they want to talk to us further they
want to monitor the project they want to
see what where we go they understand for
us being pitched really early we've got
a lot of work to do but they are really
interested of course with an activation
like one band on Neo people were really
just excited to be in the booth area
John davidos from ngd Enterprise noted
the ease of conversations that were
struck up and how he takes cues from
these discussions to help shape the
projects that the team will work on next
the key for me is I I don't want to use
the term meetings you know it's just
talking to people connecting with people
and partly selfishly because I learn
they tell me what they like they tell me
what they don't like they tell me what
they want to see and so I learn I get
feedback it helps me to decide what we
should do next for us in terms of
Tooling in particular the leads in the
booth might have varied from day to day
at the event for instance on the first
day of the event Pro Day attendees might
have already known exactly who they were
seeking to collaborate and partner with
whereas the other days could have been
more generalized audiences Vincent from
Ghost Market spoke a little about his
experience on day one conversation where
as it was pro day and people knew what
they were talking about for the most
part and you know they had some of them
already had something in mind like had a
few payments aggregator or payment on
RAM coming to us because they know we're
a Marketplace and what not two companies
reach out to me and we'll see how it
goes and we are literally in the process
of changing that on or on so it's it's a
good fit so that's what so today is
about I guess finding synergies yeah but
besides that it was mostly open
conversation on a new ecosystem at last
year's consensus the Neo Booth attracted
a lot of attendees but personally I
didn't collect enough cards or contact
information so my ability to connect
with folks after the conference was
limited to what information I was able
to collect this year we asked
participants to opt in or out of sharing
their email addresses as they were
onboarding into the one band rings Tyler
from coz went on to acknowledge how this
year's plan sought to build upon the
lessons learned from last year yeah so
one of the things that we we tried to
improve on from last year's activation
was that lead generation so when people
connected with wallet connect to the
item shop to receive their their item
nft and their one band and their their
lizard nft they were would enter their
email address and just really basic
information where again we want to make
the onboarding experience as light as
possible that that information is tied
to the for the sorry not the ring the
their wallet right which is tied to the
ring so then we can monitor and we
understand the flow of information
through the booth and the flow of people
through the booth as well as where
they've accessed and who they've talked
to right so we can actually
allow those projects to to effectively
build a
a mailing list from that that
information as well so if somebody went
to the flamingo station for example or
the for the win station right they we
know and we have their contact
information so if somebody scanned and
talked to Ed for example
well maybe Ed is releasing a new product
or has a product update or a new feature
or some event you can contact those
people so that was one of the the real
goals
given the high vibrations of positive
energy at the Neo Booth I couldn't
restrain myself from asking the guests
of the podcast about how their
perceptions of Neo might have changed
from before the event to after they'd
participated I'd wanted to find out from
them if Nia was back or if it had always
been here Sergio from Flamingo noted the
longevity of Neo's lifespan but also the
reinvigorated energy yeah I mean I've
always felt like Neo had a really solid
foundation had you know really good
developers and and just general
technology however prior to this I felt
like Neo was in a place where I needed
some kind of push to really like get out
there and after today and seeing all the
people coming into the booth it's like
it feels like Neo is like totally reborn
it feels like we're really up there with
like polka dot Solana and all these
other booths that are here you know and
people are loving it man so it's crazy
to see from my perspective I don't think
it's a trend in the market or the growth
of a project or a major announcement
that can change The Narrative of an
ecosystem it could be its community
members that are meeting face to face
for the first time and realizing that
meeting in real life is very different
from interacting online with one another
and these new interpersonal
relationships can change the perception
of a project especially when an entire
ecosystem is watching others at other
booths talk so passionately about their
projects Robin from greenfinch said oh
well like polar opposite to where we are
today two days in to where I was a week
ago a month ago because it's all about
in real life but seeing people we're
seeing the people behind the brand names
that we know that we interact with on
Discord so we're getting to meet people
in real life who are behind the Discord
handles we know on Discord they're funny
environments things are said things
happen but what we've got from this
experience is the idea that there are
core team and they are selling what they
do it's not just neonis today it's not
just cozs and cars the axolabs but
Flamingo hopefully we can be part of
that where we can bring the whole
Community along because there's so much
hard work going on behind the scenes and
it's like I had no idea yesterday
morning when I arrived how much work had
taken place to get this up and running
and those that are responsible for that
work should be really proud of it
because it is incredible people are
talking about Neo like they've never
talked about it before they're coming to
visit they want to know more and they
want to interact with the projects they
want to interact with you guys the teams
and they want to know now where's Neo
going what's the next that and I think
for a global blockchain
like near that there's nothing better
that can come out of this from our
perception we can play a role in helping
people understand what's going on behind
the scenes and help them determine they
should get involved and then we can all
build together and I think that's that's
all you can ask for in these situations
so yeah I'm really impressed by the kind
of interactions that have been occurring
here at consensus an interesting Trend I
noticed that that was predominant in
consensus 2022 was that people
remembered Neo from the 2016 and 17 era
but did not keep their finger on the
pulse amongst so many projects in the
blockchain space this year it was easy
to show that Neo is a thriving ecosystem
as there were eight communities on hand
to talk about their projects Jill from
coz touched upon the interconnectivity
of these projects that were represented
at each of the various partner pods yes
some of them recognized new from back
and asked why they didn't don't hear
anymore about it and I tell them about
entry that we have been working to have
a new platform with with everything
integrated and they're in this
understanding that now it's a new phase
for new and they're very excited they
because they have some affection with
you from because before and some them
just new new now but they're also
excited I think these events show the
people that new is strong and have a
very good Community like a lot of
projects showing up here on the booths
and a lot of teams so yeah I think it's
strong today when I was presenting on
the booth every time I I understand that
everything's connected like you can use
new wallet to check your nft that you
got on a ring and then you can go to
ghost market market sell it I I'm
talking about all the projects in my
booth I talk about Flamingo I talked
about about green Flinch it's everything
fact I think I think the community is
very well strong and we are building a
lot of awesome things alongside quote
unquote Neo still being here Booth
visitors also picked up on the fact that
everybody presenting their projects were
genuinely excited to be building in the
web 3 space Vincent from Ghost Market
said two people did mention okay how
come you guys are still here we're not
aware this thing sounds very cool and
you know which is what we want you know
people want to be aware of and we're
here that's the whole point but it also
shows that currently two less people
know about it I think in our case it was
sure of the ring but at the end of the
day I got three people telling me you
guys seems very genuine and you you love
what you guys are doing and how come we
don't know that in 2023 Neo had a little
more competition among layer 1 public
blockchain networks that were presenting
at consensus
certainly more so than 2022 but while
there was competition there also wasn't
the same reception to other booths that
Neo had commanded so I asked Gil from
axlabs if he was generally bullish on
the Neo ecosystem and if this year's
consensus had changed his perception let
me start not talking about directly to
Neil but about like the atmosphere in
consensus so I observed that this year
more l wants you know came to consensus
with big booth in like to Showcase her
stuff last year there were some yeah
several but not with the the power or
like the as large as they're having this
year so yeah this this one one of the
difference but I'm talking about
specifically about like Neo I think that
last year we showcased Neil in the
capabilities of Neo like Neo fast and
you know sdks or calls building articles
and stuff but this year is about more
communities in like the products and
because people have to see that people
are building O'Neill and what is
possible to do so yeah but I mean this
year I didn't get so many questions
about for example are you still alive I
didn't get like because last year a lot
of people came and say oh I was a big
fan of like in Neo in the inch
hairstyles from the insurance times and
you see what live like what are you
doing this year didn't have so many
questions about it maybe it was an
effect of us showing case showing like
showing all the projects like Flamingo
and ghost market ex-labs and coz the
ring activation because people said okay
yeah there are projects they're doing
something so I think that's that's
that's that's super great I think like
I'm I'm a bit biased to answer this
question because I I was bullish you
know like on you a bit biased so he
didn't change my perception I think like
I think the the biggest difference now
is that I see how people are united with
a common goal you know when you meet
people when you talk to the guys like
face to face meeting you you know like
Dylan or like Harry and like Tyler Dean
like most Market guys Flamingo you see
that we have a common goal and like
sometimes and due to space when you're
talking Discord of course it's very easy
to send a message but when you see in
your eyes that they're building
something and explaining their product
that they want to make your product a
success or Neo it makes a huge
difference so that's that's what stood
out for me in this year in relation to
new amazing many builders in the Neo
ecosystem have forged bonds after
building here for the past few years and
newer projects might see these
relationships and get excited themselves
to build on Neo of course having a cool
one band nft ring activation helps stir
up conversations about the ecosystem
John from purlin Finance noted this
phenomena it's really cool how little
people knew about Neo but after the
activation they were really interested
in what Neo's all about and they kept
asking oh what what kind of the apps are
on the Neo blockchain and how can they
get involved I see the strength of new
blockchain to be offline it's a really
rare trade that any ecosystem has
because we've been been around for a
while now so people recognize the brand
and they know Neo but they just didn't
know the news for it but I think with
the success of the booth how wildly
successful this was was through our
consensus Hub when I was just walking
and not if it wasn't even near the booth
but people were just talking about the
ring and me blockchain it was was super
a wild experience I first joined the Neo
ecosystem back in 2017 and ever since I
can remember the hype machine for the
project has been kept somewhat minimal
by project leaders this year though
there was a tangible deliverable in the
one band NFC t-ring this product showed
the Neo community that the long organic
path of slow but consistent measurable
delivery is beginning to pay off Tyler
from coz said
so we've been doing this now for for
doing events live activations with Neo
one of the things that we've really
pushed on is the user experience and how
we can make it very easy for people to
enter the ecosystem I know the the
community sometimes gets upset about the
high things like that but one of the
things that Neo's always been known for
is leading utility and right the real
technology we're actually building what
we're saying we're building it we
deliver on that and this year I think
will understood that that really
resonated with people because it was
very clear from the booth and you'll see
it in the videos the lines we were again
one of the only active booths that
actually had a mainnet activation we had
a a real use case showing real utility
on mainnet live at the booth
after meeting hundreds of Booth
participants a statistic which is
verifiable on chain the projects are
likely ready to hit the ground running
with new relationships that have been
formed as a result of the event Robin
from greenfinch acknowledged the new
community members they found at
consensus they get it so they're like
okay I want to see how you take the next
steps which is for us is free in the
community proper feedback Cycles testing
and then Revenue models iteration next
design rebranding they want to be part
of that they want to understand what's
good where we're going to be in six
months in 12 months and further so for
me it's lots of LinkedIn connections
there's lots of Discord probably people
want telegram we're not really on
telegram but it could be demand myself
but I think it's a lot of just having
new people and exploring the ideas of
where we put into production and how
that's going to develop over the coming
months and years as a result of meeting
so many people at the conference and
connecting with ecosystem developers new
projects might arise from the ideas
generated in these conversations Joe
from coz noted that he's excited to get
back to work I am I actually am yeah
I've been talking to some developers I
talked yesterday with Victor about some
ideas I have for like Moochie's
signature and stuff like that yeah I'm
excited to talk to to them on this park
later to share some ideas something
consensus 2023 offered the smart economy
podcast is that we were able to hop on
the mic with one of the newer projects
in the Neo ecosystem for community
members who are looking forward to the
forthcoming launch of purlin Finance
John said is coming soon
yeah so my my internal deadline is to
launch in late may but I don't know if
that's possible to be honest so I always
say give a just the estimated deadline
but please expect early June I think
that would be a reasonable deny for us
the summer
long term community members seeing
others they haven't seen in a while also
served as a morale boost it's signaled
to one another that the Neo ecosystem
builds through both Bull and Bear cycles
and that the community continues to move
forward no matter the weather the
essence of this thought was touched upon
by Vincent from Ghost Market it was
great also because you know if we're
still doing the boss all those people
are still working on the project it's
because it's worth it you know and it
makes sense and having a common purpose
goal that might be things to improve for
sure but I think it's going in a great
Direction
while it was great to learn about the
next steps for the projects and
Community it was also really cool to
hear a bit more about the forthcoming
vision for the architecture of the Neo
blockchain itself a new generation is on
the horizon for Neo but as always Big
Technical road maps take a long time to
develop and properly Implement John
davidos from ngd Enterprise touched upon
the Next Generation for Neo so last year
was a sense of maybe more of
accomplishment if you will is what I
would say this time there is a sense of
anticipation of what is next right and I
want to clarify something to you Dylan
we talk about versions right version one
version two version n right for me
worsening is a detail the higher level
aspect is the generation you know and my
sense is kind of this first generation
of the underlying platform is almost
winding down and now we are getting
ready for the second generation truly
right versions aside I think what we
should look forward and in fact what you
will see in the coming you know months
or so is going to be this next gen
second gen of us but also more broadly
the industry as well in my opinion look
we know we're building a platform for
the smart economy we know very
consistent and very comprehensive and
I've said this before right the
viability of an architecture of a
platform is the sustainability the
longevity and being able to respond and
react both short-term and long-term I
think you've seen mostly the short-term
responses the longer term responses
coming up in the near term I think are
going to be really truly powerful there
is a whole lot more coming I'll tell you
an example a story if you were like
talking one of the developers here he's
building a lending protocol and the way
he was describing to me was very
evocative his sense was John we are
building something that might be
maturing in five or seven years or even
longer and when you have that
perspective that mindset everything
falls into place it's not six months
it's certainly not three months we're
talking multiple years but what we are
building today is going to be the
critical Foundation
of what happens in a few years wait for
the second generation roadmap release so
what we are seeing here in consensus is
very big it's very big and you're seeing
it I'm seeing it right but I think
what's coming up next is going to be
even bigger regarding the one band nft
rings there's some forthcoming developer
tooling and documentation and a future
activation at an event that will take
place in mid-2023 will there be further
activations I asked Tyler from coz spoke
about the next steps for the one band
rings yes I think the the next thing in
the very near future will be to
interface but will be that's at least
for me and the team working on it that's
the priority right now from a
product and a technology release
perspective we have already an
activation in the next two months that's
pretty substantial from uh on marketing
and kind of end user engagement
perspective that I think the community
will hear about very soon probably in
the next week or two and then I think
we'll start seeing the proliferation of
the technology in a few very specific
areas primarily
client art like physical Art Market
as well as some of the gamification
concepts there have been multiple large
conferences including consensus actually
which have expressed interest in using
this technology
at their events well many of these
events were like at least 10 000 people
in attendance so I think there there are
a lot of different opportunities for the
for this when we talk about the
technology we're talking about embedding
it in textiles and cardstock
in physical art sculpture there there
are a lot of different applications in
in apparel there are a lot of different
areas
well what did you think of those
conversations
as I mentioned during the episode I've
been in the Neo ecosystem since
2017. in my years spent in this space
one of my favorite articles about Neo
came from the coverage of Neo Devcon 2
which took place in Seattle in 2019
while the name of the article is a long
gone memory the sentiment with which it
ended has always stuck with me the
author noted that Neo's ecosystem
mightn't have had this size or depth of
ethereums but nonetheless it did have a
group of passionate tight-knit tinkerers
and all these years later at consensus
2023 with the dozens of global community
members that were packed into one booth
I once again got the sense that I got in
2019 that Neo's Community is here were
battle tested and we're ready to forge
forward I want to give a shout out to
everyone who flew from afar to join the
event this year in Austin it was a
pleasure and an honor to have spent time
with you if the true utility of a layer
1 public blockchain is its layer zero
community of Builders the NEOS Booth
demonstrated true utility
for anyone interested in learning more
about the one band nft ring building on
top of the technology or implementing
the one band technology into your next
project then visit
www.coz.io backslash one band on that
note I want to thank you so much for
taking the time to listen to the smart
economy podcast if you liked what you
heard and want to support the show
please eat Neo news today in mind when
voting for your Neo Council
representative as part of Neo's
governance process we appreciate you and
look forward to catching you next time
foreign